# 005: Music Catalogue

## Requirements

No previous exercises are needed.

## Description

The purpose of this task is to practise using `List<Type>`, either by using `ArrayList` or `LinkedList` (your preference!).

We declare a List like this:

```
List<String> list = new ArrayList<>();
```

The type of the variable (on the left) should be the interface (in this case, `List`, with the type of inside the angled brackets).
For the actual object, we choose a class that implements the `List` interface such as `ArrayList`, as shown above.

**Question: "why isn't the type within the angle brackets for the ArrayList?".** 

This is because it isn't necessary for us to indicate what the type of the elements is. 
These are already declared on the left, so the compiler can work out what the type of the `ArrayList` is.
You *could* define it, but you're wasting precious typing time.

You'll also need to import the right packages for Lists and ArrayLists:

```
import java.util.ArrayList;
import java.util.List;
```

**Task:**

Create a package called `music`. Within this, create a `Song` class that stores its title and duration (in seconds).

Then, create an `Artist` class with a `name` and a `catalogue` (a list of `Songs`). It should have the following methods:

```
public void addSong(String name, int duration);

// Prints out all of the Artist's songs in a nice format, including the title and duration of the song (in minutes)
public void printCatalogue();
```

By now, you should be comfortable enough with creating a PSVM in the `Main` class that Replit provides.

Use this to test your implementation - creating an `Artist` and their `Songs`, printing them out, etc.

## Extension

Create a method, `longerSongs`, that takes in a value (in seconds) and prints out all the songs that last longer than this.